sourceOrMessage() {
    [ -f $1 ] && source $1 || echo "No $1"
}

source ~/.cargo/env

sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/aliases.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/exports.sh

# New stuff, from zanshin
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/setopt.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/completion.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/bindkeys.sh

sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/coloured_man.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/markdown.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/find.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/compression.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/csv_filter.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/dated.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/headtail.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/git.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/prompt.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/func.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/docker.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/tmux.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/logbook.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.dotfiles/shell/notetaking.sh
sourceOrMessage ~/.fzf.zsh

export FZF_DEFAULT_COMMAND='rg --files --no-ignore --hidden --follow --glob "!.git/*"'
[ -f /usr/local/etc/profile.d/autojump.sh ] && . /usr/local/etc/profile.d/autojump.sh
